docs(purge-tool): update Purge Tool pages with latest improvements (#2923)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/purge-tool.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> *Prior to version 2.1.0*, the Purge Tool did not delete documents (stored in the DOCUMENT table) from the platform. It only removed the mapping between the archived cases and the document itself. If you need to reduce the size of the Document table in the engine database, please refer to the documentation: xref:ROOT:handling-documents.adoc#delete_document_archived_case[Delete documents of archived cases based on archive date]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Prior to version 2.1.0*, the Purge Tool did not delete documents (stored in the DOCUMENT table) from the platform. It only removed the mapping between the archived cases and the document itself. If you need to reduce the size of the Document table in the engine database, consider using command `delete-orphan-document-content` to remove all documents not linked to any process instance anymore. Moreover, by default, subsequent runs of Purge Tool 2.1+ will automatically purge documents along with archived process instances, unless option `--preserve-document-content` is explicitly set.
```

===== `copy-truncate`

The `copy-truncate` mode is more efficient for large data volumes, especially when the number of rows to delete is higher than the number of rows to keep in the tables, but it requires the Bonita runtime to be stopped during the operation. Also, we advise not to stop the ongoing execution.

In this mode, the rows to keep are copied in batches to a temporary table, then the original table is truncated and dropped, and the temporary table is renamed to the original table. All required constraints and indexes are re-created.

==== Fine-tuning the deletion

As mentioned before, both modes use batch processing to either delete or copy rows. +
The batch processing can be fine-tuned using the `--batch-size` and `--batch-interval` options:

    * `--batch-size` to define the number of rows to delete or copy in each batch. +
With the `batch-delete` mode, although it depends on your database configuration and the volume of data to delete, we recommend starting with a batch size of `5000` rows. You can increase this value based on the performance of your database. +

> With the `copy-truncate` mode, you can use a larger batch size to improve performance.

Reviewer: How much larger? We should indicate a value, or a formula to calculate the value.

Author: To be honest, it is complicated to write a formula. I cannot be sure from when it is optimized and until when it is not.
We need to execute more performance tests with very large datasets (which we have not...)
